---------------------------------------------------------------------
The information in this article applies to:

 - Microsoft Visual SourceSafe, 16-bit and 32-bit, for Windows, versions
   4.0, 4.0a
 - Microsoft Visual SourceSafe, 32-bit, for Windows, version 5.0
---------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY
=======

Analyze6.exe is a sample that contains the Analyze version 6.00.8169
utility. Analyze detects and validates all files in the database. It also
enables you to fix any potential errors and remove files that are no longer
active in the Visual SourceSafe database.

The Analyze utility is a 32-bit utility that you can run under Windows NT
Windows 95, or Windows 98 in conjunction with the 32-bit Visual SourceSafe
libraries. However, when you run it with the -f switch, it attempts to fix
any data file in the SourceSafe Data directory, regardless of which
platform the file originated from.

MORE INFORMATION
================

The following file is available for download from the Microsoft Software
Library:

 ~ Analyze6.exe


Release Date: Aug-05-1998

For more information about downloading files from the Microsoft Software
Library, please see the following article in the Microsoft Knowledge Base:

   ARTICLE-ID: Q119591
   TITLE     : How to Obtain Microsoft Support Files from Online Services

To install the Analyze utility, create a blank directory, copy Analyze6.exe
to the directory, and run it. Analyze6.exe is a self-extracting file that
contains Analyze.exe version 6.00.8169:

   ssapi.dll
   ssus.dll
   mfc42.dll
   msvcrt.dll
   readme.txt

NOTE: Do not install these files in the VSS\Win32 directory because it
might disable the 32-bit version of Visual SourceSafe.

When you run Analyze version 6.00.8169, all messages will scroll in the
Analyze Results window. In the Analyze Results window, Analyze reports any
errors it encounters and the fixes it performs. This information is also
recorded in the Analyze.log file. Analyze contains a progress indicator in
the status bar that lets you know the status of the clean up.

If Analyze makes any changes to a file, it stores the file in a Backup
directory, which, by default, is a subdirectory of the SourceSafe Data
directory or of the directory that you run Analyze from. If the process
does not finish, you can recover the original files (as they were before
you started Analyze).

By default, Analyze locks the data files while it analyzes them. Therefore,
no one should be in Visual SourceSafe when you analyze the data files.

Switches
--------

There are several switches in Analyze that allow you to perform functions
on your database or individual files in the Data directory. These switches
are:

   Switch     Description
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------

   <none>     Analyze.exe, with no parameters, reports any errors that it
              encounters in the database. This is similar to the behavior
              of previous versions of Analyze. For example:

              ANALYZE c:\ss\data
              ANALYZE f:\ss\data\a\abaaaaaa

              The Analyze Results window is displayed in Windows NT or
              Windows 95. This window scrolls any errors it encounters.

   -f         Fix. This enables Analyze to fix most of the errors it
              encounters. To be successful, no users can be in Visual
              SourceSafe. However, users can have files checked out. The
              Visual SourceSafe administrator should wait until all users
              are not running Visual SourceSafe before running Analyze with
              the -f switch.

              You need to have at least 16 MB of free hard drive space
              available to run Analyze with the -f switch. In addition,
              you should make enough hard drive space available for the
              Backup directory. The size of the Backup directory is
              determined by the number of corrupted files that Analyze
              encounters.

              Example:

              ANALYZE ..\data -f

   -i-        This switch enables you to keep the results window from
              appearing. Example:

              ANALYZE f:\ss\data -i-

   -v         Verbose Logging. This allows Analyze to return all
              information about the Analyze process to the lower pane of
              the Analyze Results window. The upper pane of the Analyze
              Results window is reserved for error conditions, and you
              cannot turn it off. The -v switch has four option parameters
              that indicate the amount of verbosity reported. By default,
              it runs as -v1, which only shows errors. The -v4 option shows
              all errors and informational messages. The other two options,
              -v2 and -v3, fall in between. If no number is included, it
              defaults to -v1.

   -c        Compress. The -c switch allows Analyze to compress unused
             comments that might exist in log files and free-up disk space.
             However, this process is considerably slower and you should
             not run it frequently. For example, you would have extraneous
             information if you add a file and supply a comment at the time
             of the Add and then you go back to the Properties on that file
             later and change the comment. Now both comments are stored in
             the data file. However, you cannot get access to the first
             comment. If you run Analyze with -c and it discovers two
             comments for a file, it rewrites the data file and leaves out
             the older comment. While this switch can reduce the size of
             the database in some cases, it usually does not make a
             significant difference.

   -d        Delete. -d enables Analyze to delete files that no longer have
             valid references in Visual SourceSafe, such as files that were
             branched into another project at one time, but no branched
             versions of the file are now active in the database. Analyze
             does an extensive comparison between projects and determines
             which files can be successfully removed from the Data
             directory. However, this can drastically slow down the Analyze
             process so you might not want to perform this frequently.
             Allow enough time for successful completion when you use the
             -d switch. This switch reduces the size of the database only
             if there are files that no longer have valid references in
             Visual SourceSafe.

   -b        Different backup directory. -b allows you to specify a
             different backup directory. Make sure there is enough space in
             this location to hold your entire Data directory contents,
             should this be necessary.

   -x        Do not lock. -x instructs Analyze not to lock the files as it
             analyzes the database, so users can still use Visual
             SourceSafe while Analyze is running. However, this switch 
             cannot be used with the -f, -d, and -c switches.
